Just to make sure you understand, all bd crop types grow as wheat. But the seeds are represented in the inventory with different Minecraft seeds. Seeds regular: wheat, green: melon, purple: pumpkin.  And the crops are represented via the following: regular: fern, green: double fern, and purple: enchanted double fern. Growing times: regular: 12 minutes, green: 20 minutes, purple: 32 minutes. But when planted in the boundary of a market for every level, the market is upgraded there is a 5% reduction of time that stacks every level, so the maximum reduction will be 25% at level 5. There are no different buffs for seasons or different biomes. The token crafting recipes can not be altered and are in the token. The market token is represented by an enchanted emerald, the house token is an enchanted bed. The item frame must be placed directly above the door of the market structure. The market structure doesn't need to be exactly as specified in the market.md but those are the minimum requirements, so it needs at least a door, a 3x3 roof and at least 3x3 walls, so it could be a wall of 3x6 and a roof of 4x8 as long as it has a door and the item frame is directly above it. 

The user opens up the market owner GUI and goes to the upgrade section, which then opens up the upgrade GUI that shows what level the user is on, what the perks are and what the next level is. The user can select the next level, but they can not skip levels. The upgrade takes the emeralds out of the inventory, and the server currency is deducted from the user. And it says the purchase is valid and the villager now has the name tag "[username]'s Market Owner [market_level]". If the purchase is invalid because they dont have enough emeralds and/or server currency, the user is sent a chat message saying it is invalid and what is missing. The maximum limit of villages is 5, and market boundaries must be at least 50 blocks apart from each other. Donor users, when they make a market, get an additional 30 blocks of market area to work with. 

I want whatever is set by the server admin, but the default is in the docs. The ranks are bought through server currency, not through gaining experience, but there are specific requirements: Farmer (2): Harvest 100 BD crop, Trade with BD Dealers 10 times. Expert Farmer (3): Harvest 500 BD crops, plant 300 BD seeds, Trade with collectors 25 times. Master Farmer(4): Harvest 2,000 BD crops, plant 800 BD seeds, trade with collectors 80 times, trade with dealers 50 times, Own or be an associate of a level 3 market. Agricultural Expert (5): Harvest 10,000 bd crops, plant 3,500 bd seeds, trade with collectors 150 times, trade with dealers 80 times, Own or be an associate of a level 5 market, Help 10 other players with BD farming (Give players BD seeds at least 10 players minimum 20 seeds each). The benefits for the ranks are: Farmer: 5% increased harvest yield from BD crops, 4.5% auction fee instead of 5%, Custom chat prefix [Farmer]. 4% auction fee instead of 5%, 10% increased harvest yield from BD crops, access to buy the bd tool from natural spawning dealers (not from the market dealer, as you unlock those by upgrading the market) (donor have automatic access to all tools from any dealer natural or market not matter the level or rank), Extended auction listing duration (4 days), seeds planted grow 5% faster, Custom chat prefix [Expert Farmer].  3.5% auction fee instead of 5%, 20% increased harvest yield from BD crops, Extended auction listing duration (5 days), seeds planted grow 15% faster, 15% higher chance of getting a rare crop than the one planted, and Custom chat prefix [Master Farmer].  3% auction fee instead of 5%, 30% increased harvest yield from BD crops, Extended auction listing duration (7 days), seeds planted grow 25% faster, 25% higher chance of getting a rare crop than the one planted, have an effect of their choice (choices are: invisibility, strength, night vision, fire resistance, jump boost, speed, slow falling, water breathing) and Custom chat prefix [Agricultural Expert].
The players get verified through an admin using the /donorverified [username]
Yes, they can be edited, also donors get a 10% increase on all the perks of their rank by default. They also always have a 2 fee on the auction house and get their auction listings listed first on the first page.

The natural bd dealer villagers are just like regular villagers, just walking around their own village. But the market owner and the market dealer villagers can only walk inside the boundary of the market stall. And the collector, can I walk around the boundary of the market but not outside and make sure they can not be moved with boats, minecarts or anything. The natural bd dealer can be killed, though. The bd collectors can also be killed, but when they are killed, the bd token in the item frame becomes unenchanted and must be picked and placed again. The market owner can not be killed, and neither can the market bd dealer, but they are removed if the bd market token is removed. The market token does not remember old stuff if placed again and will start a new market if it is removed. All the collector tokens will be removed from the item frames and will need to be crafted again or bought from the market BD dealer. The natural spawning BD dealer can be moved wherever, just like any other villager. 


All bd collectors' villagers' rates go back to the default rate if they have dynamically moved up; this will rest every 24 days in the real world. And if seeds are being sold for above 500 server currency, the plugin will enforce a 30% fee instead of the normal one and 20% for donors. The fee will also grow 3% every 50 server currency, which will be a 1% increase for donors. The only currency used on the auction house is the server currency. If a user is inactive, their server currency will stay static unless they are a donor, in which case their balance will increase by 1% per day
